Patch release process description (#98425)
pytorch/pytorch: RELEASE.md

| PyTorch version | Python | Stable CUDA | Experimental CUDA |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | 2.0.1 | >=3.8, <=3.11 | CUDA 11.7, CUDNN 8.5.0.96 | CUDA 11.8, CUDNN 8.7.0.84 |

Author: True let me remove this!

## Patch Release Process

> ### Patch Rlease Process Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Patch Release Process Description
```

> Main POC: Patch Release Managers, Triage Reviewers

Patch releases should follow these high-level phases. This process starts immediately after the previous release has completed.
Minor release process takes around 6-7 weeks to complete.

1. Triage, is a process where issues are identified, graded, compared to Patch Release Criteria and added to Patch Release milestone. This process normally takes 2-3 weeks after the release completion.
2. Patch Release: Go/No Go meeting between PyTorch Releng, PyTorch Core and Project Managers where potential issues triggering a release in milestones are reviewed and following decisions are made:

>  - Should the new patch Release be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Should the new patch Release be created?
```

>  - Timeline execution for the patch Release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Timeline execution for the patch release
```

> 3. Cherry picking phase. Starts after the decision is made to create patch Release. At this point a new Issue tracker for patch release is created, and announcement is made on official channels [example announcement](https://dev-discuss.pytorch.org/t/pytorch-release-2-0-1-important-information/1176). The authors of the regressions are asked to create cherry picks. This process normally takes 2 weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Cherry picking phase starts after the decision is made to create patch release. At this point a new release tracker for the patch release is created, and an announcement will be made on official channels [example announcement](https://dev-discuss.pytorch.org/t/pytorch-release-2-0-1-important-information/1176). The authors of the fixes to regressions will be asked to create their own cherry picks. This process normally takes 2 weeks.
```
